# Math_Game

This is one of my favorite projects and definitely a highlight of my Front end coding skills, it was made using only HTML5,CSS3 and of course JAVASCRIPT with some of the ES6 functionalities like arrow functions. This game starts when we click the start button and once clicked the game will display two operands and an operator to the user. and below that we can see randomly generated numbers placed inside white squares but only one of them is the correct answer(the results are random numbers between 1 to 100 same for the operands). Furthermore we have a timer set to 60 seconds and a score section to see how many equations we have answered correctly. As expected once the timer runs out the game is over and the user will see a message telling them so and what their score is. Also worth mentioning there will be a success and failure message depending on the players choice when they click on the white boxes.

Html: the html part of the page is pretty simple the only thing worth noting is that the end screen message will not be displayed using html but instead it will be shown thanks to java script. Also the actual game elements are all stored inside the container class.

CSS: I added a box shadow to the container and a simple background image to the html tag. Keep in mind that we have to set a few html tags display to none(or set visibility to hidden) so that we can than use java script to show them when the game starts. By the way while it may not be visible in the pictures there is an active css selector used on the white boxes to change their background color to grey and if the player tries to click on them before the game started they will receive an alert.

Java Script/ ES6: This is where the code really shine and we can see the undeniable benefits of using functional programming. our first function is for displaying the equation to the user, a function for generating random numbers and placing them inside the white boxes. and a few other functions for displaying messages to the player. Lastly a function for making one of the white boxes hold the correct answer.
